Xiao Juanlian, you are crazy
You have already called me Ye Family
This is one of the three major families in Shangjing.
Dirty wine
What do you mean?
That is.
Even if you have this bottle, you can pack a field.
But why didn't you say it earlier?
Do you want to humiliate our Ye family on purpose?
Ye's son-in-law is too brave
What a shame to find a son-in-law like this
Little army and civilians, you offend the old lord like this
Are you trying to get my daughter killed?
Junlin, why didn't you say it earlier?
Take out the bottle from me
Until the old lady broke it
Did your Ye family give me a chance to speak?
Enough people
Throw me this mouthful of rotten flowers
Wait grandma
Ye Jun
Gather me some of the wine on the ground
This kid is crazy
Are you crazy too?
The wine has been spilled on the ground
Do you want to be in front of all the aristocratic families in Kyoto?
Drink dirty water
Know my legs
Does the chicken hurt?
Smell the wine on the ground
At a state dinner with me many years ago
The Tianzhu wine smelled exactly the same from a distance
If the wine on this ground is really Tianzhu wine
Then take a sip
Will be able to enter the room and my legs will stand up again
Don't know the dirty water on the ground, I want to drink it too
The old gentleman is slow
What he gave was not dzi bead wine at all.